"To restore all those in several areas, once upon a time is the flourish of Buddhist countries,
completely destroyed, but to greatly stay continually until 50 years. One forget Buddhism."
"So he said, 'Hendalagi, he is not going to be invaded by non-Buddhist Buddhist.' But however, he
said, 'Abramay Mahaparin Narvanana, there is Buddhism.'
'Well, true Buddhism school, whether divided or came, and then it will disturb the structures of
the Buddhism. Buddhism, the current or what we started.'
'What you, Chasondebi, myself, Angar Bhammasubhu, it will disturb.' So then, Chasondebi asked, 'How
I do? What I do then?' He said, 'At that time you must invite my student disciple, Kamala Shala, to
help these situations.'
And then he said, 'If you ask, he won't come. If you don't come, what I do?' He said, 'I will leave
the letter. I will leave the letter.'
And then the great master, Chanda, left the letter. He said, 'We need to invite you, and he needed
that you must come. If you don't come, you are not my student.
We don't have the Samayas, but you can echo the very energy. You brought Samayas.'
So he really left that strong letters, letters. So then, after Chanda wrote in the past, 'Oh, I
tell Mahabharata Narayana,' in the debate, they had then difficulties.
And they called, and this one was a very famous historian. They said they had the difficulties of
the Hashing, this Buddhism, from China.
And it is quite different from what Chanda Ratal and Gurbala Sama told, and what these Hashing
masters taught.
And then, because they are just big in our practice, so Sangha said, 'Divide it, in a way. Split
the Sangha, in a way. Split it in having this harmony.'
So they thought, 'This is the master's time, now to invite the great master, Gama Nakhshala.'
So he invited Gama Nakhshala, and he came. And then, they were debated, and it is very famous in
the very Buddhist system, that they debated between Gama Nakhshala and Hashing masters, great
masters.
Debated, and then, whoever lost, according to this term, debated, whoever lost the debate, and that
had to be, leave the areas.
So they met the debate, and Gama Nakhshala warned the debate.
And then, so, then it is all, then can be reordered, re-located, reordered, to now stay in one
system, one system as told by the great master, Chanda Ratal and Gurbala Sama.
And then, at the conclusion of the Vedic Nagar University teachings, combined together, together
and keep the practices there.
So when the Gama Nakhshala came, and then, so now everything has settled, and it can't be asked, '
Please, could you ask to Gama Nakhshala? Please, could you write?'
The book that tells exactly to start in the Buddhist teaching, contemplate in the Buddhist teaching
, and meditate on the Buddhist teaching, and about the 'Vuyu', 'Vuyu' or the egolessness.
Could we write the book?
So, Gama Nakhshala wrote, book, known as instructions on the meditation, the first book he wrote,
instructions, instructions of 'Vuyu' of the meditation, maybe I should say, 'Vuyu' of the
meditation, known as Gomuram Tango, first Gomuram books.
And then Chasondepi read that. Chasondepi is one of the greatest scholars to, of course, his eman
ation of the Manjushini.
Manjushini is one of the greatest scholars. He wrote so many books, which is still existing in
danger. He wrote many books, Chasondepi himself, greatest scholar.
So, he read the books, he was so happy, he really liked it so much. Could you write another book,
tell exactly how to meditate this?
Not just talking about the 'Vuyu', about important meditations, but how to put it in practice,
practice the meditation and stop it.
And then Chasondepi wrote second books, second book, known as second book of the meditation, Gomur
am Tango,
Gomuram Tango, Gomuram Tango, Gomuram Parpa, Parpa.
He read, told that he read and looked and read, he really liked it so much.
He said, 'Please, could you write, if you continue meditating in practice, what result will I get?'
And then, Chasondepi, sorry, Gomuram Tango, third book, called Gomuram Tango, last Gomuram.
So, in there, then he also explained about the Hachim Mahayana, see, like instruction is not
exactly following, it's lined up, the Buddha teaching.
And so, he kind of reported that, to get really achievement of the meditation.
So, Kamalachala is one of the great masters in the debate of Buddhism, really.
Contribute this stone, big, the authenticness of the Buddha teaching of what we have now.
Kamalachala has very much to do with this great master Kamalachala, Shiva.
And so, Kamalachala, in that teaching, the second book of the Kamalachala's teaching,
said, 'So, there is six cores of good meditation, or six condition of good, cause and condition of
the good meditations.'
That's what great master Kamalachala said in his teachings.
'Those six are trying to list you and your control.'
The first is sitting in perfect places, all comfortable places.
And the third is supposed to call this place, sitting in perfect places.
All that means perfect hermitage, perfect hermitage.
Second is less desire, less desire.
And the third is more content, content, content, content.
And the fourth is less engaging activities, port cause.
So, less activity, or not activities, activities.
And fifth is good ethical, or the moralities.
And sixth is less thought.
Those are six good cause and conditions of the meditation, to become good meditations.
That's it.
So, first is hermitage.
Hermitage, we spoke for the day, and you know, hermitage.
Hermitage, this Bhema Samhale, is one of the beautiful hermitages.
And that is great master, again, Magdalene said.
Those I said the other day, I think, 'No.'
So, I won't maybe repeat that.
And so, that is hermitage, perfect hermitage.
Good place, good support, good area, not obstacles, tickles.
And so, beautiful, excellent, as I said, beautiful water, beautiful earth, beautiful air,
and beautiful sky for those of key meditations.
And those are hermitage qualities, hermitage qualities.
Then, second is less desire.
Less desire.
That means not too much kind of obsession with all the like worldly things.
When you come to the hermitage, then try to stay less desire.
Desire, this needed, that needed, this, that, read the life story of the great masters.
For example, you learn what meditated three years in the Samhale Mortis.
He stayed in the caves.
And think of those to compare with us.
We are just practicing as luxury, as king style, our brand, luxury, what we get.
So, come then, and feel happy, not too many things.
And more content.
Content means more appreciation, more happy, the joy, what we have.
Generally, what the Buddha teaching says, in Hinyan, for example, in Theravadas,
"Whoever has less desire, more contentment is noble."
But that's it.
Less desire, more contentment is noble.
That is noble, noble.
So, more contentment.
And then, when we come to the hermitage, less activities,
at least this and that things, many things, trying to do this.
Less activities, when you are practicing, when you are retrieved.
Less activities, that is.
Then, morality, good morality.
Morality has many, generally in Buddhism, you know,
opossums, monks, and olden monks, and the very others.
Olden, whatever is basic, kind of keep those.
Whatever you have, come to simplify it.
More gentle, more peaceful, more contentment.
And generally, those are known as morality.
Morality.
And then, less thoughts, or not thought.
Thought means, generally, of course, when you are meditating,
we are stuck, all trying to reduce the thoughts.
But not recollecting the past memories.
Many tried.
During the meditation practice, we collected the past memories,
and particularly related with some emotions.
It will make our mind so wide.
Less disaster, all kind of provoking our future plans,
this and that during the meditation.
Again, we are related with emotions.
Emotions, past memories of the past emotions,
or future plans connected with emotions.
And our meditation, our thought will be agitated,
agitated, and become very disturbed.
Disturbed.
Then, meditation won't come.
Then, really, we lose ground.
So, those are the great master Kamalachala pointed out.
And we have those six.
Our meditation causes good, conditions good.
Our meditation will come. Beautiful.
And to do with this, again, to summarize that,
what many times the teaching says.
Hermitage of body, hermitage of speech,
hermitage of the mind.
These three summarize all.
And hermitage of the body means less physical activities.
During the meditation, or at least during the meditation.
Hermitage of the speech, not carried by the gossips.
Don't carry by the gossips.
Hermitage of mind, then, as he said,
not recollecting of the past or the future.
Stay wide.
Wide and peaceful.
So, that's what in the teaching says.
Pozum.